BD-3431: Braze templates use cases for Canvas (#8099)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/ideas_and_strategies/braze_templates/post_purchase_feedback.md

---
nav_title: Post-Purchase Feedback
article_title: "Tutorial: Post-purchase feedback template"
page_order: 2
page_type: reference
description: "This article describes use a Braze Canvas template to orchestrate personalized experiences that allow you to respond to feedback and build a relationship with your users."
tool: Canvas
---

# Post-purchase feedback

> Use the post-purchase feedback template to gain critical insight into how your customers interact with your brand and ensure they continue to have positive experiences. By leveraging personalized communication and a structured set of messages, you can continue to build and foster your customer relationships.

This article will walk you through a use case for the **Post-Purchase Feedback** template, which is designed for the conversion step of the user lifecycle. When you’re finished, you’ll have created a Canvas that encourages users to provide feedback for your app.

## Prerequisites

To successfully use this template, you'll need the following:

> - A custom attribute to reference. This can be created in the Braze dashboard. For more information, see [Managing custom attributes]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/#managing-custom-attributes).

Reviewer: @internetisaiah Post-Purchase Feedback has a custom attribute in the prerequisites. Let's go ahead and define a sample custom attribute to reference so it's more concrete. Then, in the instructions, we can name this custom attribute. We can name a custom attribute anything, but let's make it make sense in context. Something like: `positive_feedback` and `negative_feedback`.

Reviewer 2: Note: this is one of the main points I've raised with the SME. Some of the custom attributes I'm referencing are vague (temporarily on purpose) because I'm waiting for more specific details from the SME. Let me follow up again with them now.

Reviewer: Thanks for following up with them! See if something like the positive/negative feedback attribute would be appropriate. Custom attributes can be anything, really, and I think the main work they're doing is segmenting the user based on the survey? Did I get that right?

- A configured [Braze Audience Sync]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/canvas_steps) with the partners and audiences you use.

> To access this template, when creating a new Canvas select **Use a Canvas template** > **Braze templates** > **Lapsing User**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access this template, when creating a new Canvas select **Use a Canvas template** > **Braze templates** > **Post-Purchase Feedback**. 
```

## Tailoring the template to your needs

Let's say we're working for Decorumsoft, a mobile video game developer. We can use the post-purchase feedback to gauge interest for an upcoming video game, Liquid Mirage, based on the success of their most recent video game launch, Proxy Battle.

Before creating the Canvas, we set up the [Braze Audience Sync to Google]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/canvas_steps/google_audience_sync/) integration so that we can add user data from Braze to Google Audiences to send advertisements based on behavioral triggers, segmentation, and more.

Now, we can go through the template to fit it for our needs.

### Step 1: Set up Canvas details

In the template, we'll do the following:

> 1. Update the Canvas name to specify that the Canvas is for targeting users who recently used .

Reviewer: > Update the Canvas name to specify that the Canvas is for targeting users who recently used .

Use which? @internetisaiah

Reviewer 2: I believe this might have been an edit from @lydia-xie ? Not sure what the rest of this sentence should be 🤔

Author: This was probably an edit from me, apologies 🫤

2. Update the description to specify that the Canvas is for encouraging users to submit feedback for the new Liquid Mirage video game.

> ![The new name and description for the Canvas. The new description states: 'A post-purchase feedback Canvas to gauge interest for the upcoming expansion for PWD3, Liquid Mirage.']({% image_buster /assets/img/canvas_templates/post_purchase_feedback/enter_new_canvas_name.png %})

Reviewer: @internetisaiah The images in this article feel broadly too big. Can you size them down a little, please?

In our scenario, we'll remove in-app messages as an option from the post-purchase feedback survey and only use email. In the **Email** tab, fill out the **Sending info**, then select **Edit message** to start crafting the feedback survey.

### Step 3: Customize the action path

Next, you'll add the custom attribute [you created earlier](#prerequisites) to each sentiment Call to Action (CTA) link, so you can capture which option the user choose when they gave feedback. Under **Feedback Action**, select **Good feedback**.
   
![The 'Feedback Action' section in the Canvas with 'Good feedback' and 'Bad feedback' displaying an orange badge to indicate that more information is needed before the Canvas can be launched.]({% image_buster /assets/img/canvas_templates/post_purchase_feedback/feedback_action.png %})

Select the **Choose An Attribute** dropdown, choose the custom attribute [you created earlier](#prerequisites), then select **any new value**.

Next, select **Bad feedback**. Select the **Choose An Attribute** dropdown, choose the custom attribute [you created earlier](#prerequisites), then select **any new value**.

> ### Step 4: Set up ad retargeting

Reviewer: @internetisaiah The "Set up ad retargeting" step talks broadly about different partners that you _can_ use for ad retargeting, but the prerequisites section is (nicely) specific about Braze Audience Sync to Google. We should carry that forward into this step and say that in our example, we're using Google. Let's be more specific here, please.

As a member of the marketing team at $PLACEHOLDER-COMPANY, your goal is to $PLACEHOLDER-GOALS. To do so, you want to focus on $PLACEHOLDER-STEPS.

## Prerequisites

Before you start, you'll need to:

- [Create a custom attribute value]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/#managing-custom-attributes) for $PLACEHOLDER-WHY?
- An ad account?
- $PLACEHOLDER

## Step 1: Choose the template

When you [create a new Canvas]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas), select **Use a Canvas Template**.

![ALT_TEXT]()

Select **Braze templates**. Next to **Post-Purchase Feedback**, select **Apply Template**.

![ALT_TEXT]()

## Step 2: Write a follow-up feedback message

<!-- Since IAM requires pre-set up, lets remove IAM references and only use email -->

Why $PLACEHOLDER? Under **Follow-up Feedback**, select **Messages** > **In-App Message**. 

![ALT_TEXT]()

Fill out the **Compose** step. $PLACEHOLDER company wrote the following:

> <!-- not sure if 'step' is the right word here? -->

Reviewer 2: @lydia-xie , just want to align on verbage. is the correct word "step"? or is there another way to talk about this?

Author: An alternative to this could be mirroring the headers in the Lapsing Users article 🤔

|Field|Description|
|-----|-----------|
|Header|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Body|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Helper text|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Choice 1|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Choice 2|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Submit button text|$PLACEHOLDER|
|Submit on-click behavior|$PLACEHOLDER|
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

Next, select **Email**. Fill out your sending info, then select **Edit message** to craft your email. $PLACEHOLDER company wrote the following:

![ALT_TEXT]()

When you're finished, select **Done**.

## Step 3: Add custom attributes to the action path

> Next add the custom attribute [you created earlier](#prerequisites) to each sentiment CTA link, so you can capture which option the user choose when they gave feedback. To add custom attributes:

Author: Responded via Slack
